[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> On season two of
"Journey of Remembering."
>> There is a sentence that
keeps repeating in my head,
you are here to remember.
Several of my memories are
from roughly 12,000 years ago.
>> This week on Gaia on
"Dragonfly enLightening Talks."
- The future of fertility
starts right now.
The clock is ticking either way.
Let's use our ticks
wisely so that we can have
healthy babies on our timeline.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> I think that's going to be
the biggest pro in history,
is getting people to be open
minded and understand that
we're not the only ones here in
this universe that are calling
the shots.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> But, you know, I've been a
good student of THEO's wisdom
on how to make the changes in
me to be at peace in my life.
>> On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith.
>> One way of expressing what
the purpose of the tarot is,
is that it is taking
the sequence of numbers
and revealing how that sequence
expresses spiritual truth.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]